Today I will tell you about this
tablet ritmix rmd 785 use a week
opens in appearance Ivanova
now also tell the world 2 megapixels
the main volume keys and
Lock key on top of
we have nothing on the right side
also not counting these buttons but below
there is a speaker and and desks here
proper memory card
microphone for headphones 3 and weave meters
jack for real
beating less izba and the extra my way out
TVs and so the kit with it goes
the charger even said very bad
charger because the tablet is charging
another for a long time of course everything
put a new
now he will demonstrate everything
works very well and smoothly no
twitching not noticed twitching not
noticed so this stock launcher
often still in opium take lock
and here I show you how it looks in stock
condition
so we block wait now I'm in
settings disabled i.e. no settings
stock screen lock
scrolling right we have this picture
stock fully god camera right
lock unlock us ok
want to show
player playing bass guitar
in advance we put it on the highest
settings and then three
here is your highest graphics
fine
I build the highest graphics
everything will melt here dance high all
snag
Yes, he broke the seal from us to you
so looked in the second victory.
Korop
my parents are bad all the more I hold
the phone has long been my hand so I doubly
it's not convenient for the game he plows all
Internet uranium installed subway surf
Orc points there is some kind of d-trigger on d3
heroines look like because the mind is not there and
of course demolished the Windu download it
somehow so i can say plus and another
I'll tell you about the screen
he has good viewing angles that is
in general a very nice straight screen
good really is all good
so I do not know my building
maximum brightness to brightness
as much as possible where words are small
under Russian
here we have an interesting tablet
minus childbirth all think well in
Included is a case
charger cable from ohe or
beat the cable here's the only negative
He did not even crows
of the manufacturer is that the weak
charging him he is charging
hours 6 probably seven is not it straight
annoying to be honest that's so easy
wants to look the other way now
put
for a brighter one i mean unfortunately
that on the covers, I will not show you uneasy
move unstick it so according to in
normal front view so how dark is it
it was visible bad here he is in front
13 megapixel camera is quite normal
camera
I wanted to say the camera was yes I am 13
of course
all thanks for watching subscribe
wait for news on my channel
well, all bye